(British Person) 1919 the fighting for the war has in fact ended, German was forced to sign the treaty under the impression that 
allied forces would attack over the Rhine.  

(German Man) The treaty stripped us of 25,000 square miles of land, which included the loss of territory once held by our German ancestor. 
We had to give the Czechs freedom releasing them as their own country. 
We also gave up territory that were considered our colonies. We also had to decrease our military forces to 100,000 max, with no air force. 
We also were forced to have a small navy. 

(British Person) As speaker of the Versailles council of the league of Nations. 
The following will must be paid by the axis powers because of the damages caused by this great war. The Germans will have to pay 20 Million in gold marks, in order to repay for damages during the war.   

(American Person) The year is 1929, the world has plunged into economic chaos. 
People life savings are no longer there. People lost their jobs. The common country currency has been severed, the wealth that people once had was lost. This problem was a global problem.  

(British Person) In 1925 Italian Nationalists were tired of the failing promises that were made by the UK and France. From 1922 to 1925 Italian Fascists lead by Benito Mussolini took power in Italy. In which this new Fascist Italy wanted to create a new world order by trying to recreate the Roman Empire.  

In 1933 an Austrian by the name of Adolf Hitler took the German Throne. He removed the democracy that Germany had and established an idea for a racially motivated world order. In 1936 he defied the Versailles treaty by militarizing the Rhineland, by which the treaty stated that the Rhine land must be demilitarized. This was the start of WWII  

We the British fought along side the other allies such as France, England, Canada, and Russia. 

 

(German Man) While we the germans fought along with our axis allies which were the Third Riech, Italy, and Japan.  

 

(British Man) In 1941 Many Jews were brought to military camps to be tortured. This was called the Holocaust and millions of Jews died.  

 

In 1944 Allied forces beat Axis forces in France. Later that year the Germans tried one last time.  

With opposing allied forces coming at Germany from all Germany knew that defeat was close. On the 30th of April, Hitler committed suicide for the soviets and the polish were besieging Berlin. 

The Nazis surrendered and later that month the Americans dropped the bombs on two Japanese cities, Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The Japanese then surrendered too.  
